real fun three or four foot Peaks from a
jam beach and you take off here and it's
really nothing but then you see that
coming up down the line you can race
right down just hook into that next
section pull them we've got one off the
take off and it came out and see my
other sections and race down back
through that I'm sick came out
polo top to bottom real every bus will
set usual fast racy but can be quite
quite another as well black kids real
fun it's like got a good left in the
corner it's real picky and I'm just
going down the beach of that towing get
like a we peak to yourself and get
barrels pretty well we fast your fun
wave if we think about it and like who
where do you break most your boards in
dunedin like it yeah that's what I
brought my first board actually I
breaking boards de nadie más snapped it
it's just like this like beachy and
you've got a knife we replicate in the
corner so it seems to be online well
anyway I speak to him down the beach and
there it's a couple pics spreads out the
crowd always a few chips on offer
because we both live in st. Clair it's
not walking distance but it's within
easy driving distance just I'm be able
to black it the hell is pretty awesome a
this emergency work breaking sometimes i
like when jogging down it hold a black
key you can see a white looking the top
you know
but nervous you see all the cars we
publish
you